README.rst, before:

.. These are examples of badges you might want to add to your README:
   please update the URLs accordingly

    .. image:: https://api.cirrus-ci.com/github/<USER>/fratoo.svg?branch=main
        :alt: Built Status
        :target: https://cirrus-ci.com/github/<USER>/fratoo
    .. image:: https://readthedocs.org/projects/fratoo/badge/?version=latest
        :alt: ReadTheDocs
        :target: https://fratoo.readthedocs.io/en/stable/
    .. image:: https://img.shields.io/coveralls/github/<USER>/fratoo/main.svg
        :alt: Coveralls
        :target: https://coveralls.io/r/<USER>/fratoo
    .. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/fratoo.svg
        :alt: PyPI-Server
        :target: https://pypi.org/project/fratoo/
    .. image:: https://img.shields.io/conda/vn/conda-forge/fratoo.svg
        :alt: Conda-Forge
        :target: https://anaconda.org/conda-forge/fratoo
    .. image:: https://pepy.tech/badge/fratoo/month
        :alt: Monthly Downloads
        :target: https://pepy.tech/project/fratoo
    .. image:: https://img.shields.io/twitter/url/http/shields.io.svg?style=social&label=Twitter
        :alt: Twitter
        :target: https://twitter.com/fratoo

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/-PyScaffold-005CA0?logo=pyscaffold
    :alt: Project generated with PyScaffold
    :target: https://pyscaffold.org/

|

======
fratoo
======


    Add a short description here!


A longer description of your project goes here...


.. _pyscaffold-notes:

Note
====

This project has been set up using PyScaffold 4.5. For details and usage
information on PyScaffold see https://pyscaffold.org/.

Commit message:

Updated documentation and added initial fratoo module

README.rst, after:

.. These are examples of badges you might want to add to your README:
   please update the URLs accordingly

    .. image:: https://api.cirrus-ci.com/github/<USER>/fratoo.svg?branch=main
        :alt: Built Status
        :target: https://cirrus-ci.com/github/<USER>/fratoo
    .. image:: https://readthedocs.org/projects/fratoo/badge/?version=latest
        :alt: ReadTheDocs
        :target: https://fratoo.readthedocs.io/en/stable/
    .. image:: https://img.shields.io/coveralls/github/<USER>/fratoo/main.svg
        :alt: Coveralls
        :target: https://coveralls.io/r/<USER>/fratoo
    .. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/fratoo.svg
        :alt: PyPI-Server
        :target: https://pypi.org/project/fratoo/
    .. image:: https://img.shields.io/conda/vn/conda-forge/fratoo.svg
        :alt: Conda-Forge
        :target: https://anaconda.org/conda-forge/fratoo
    .. image:: https://pepy.tech/badge/fratoo/month
        :alt: Monthly Downloads
        :target: https://pepy.tech/project/fratoo
    .. image:: https://img.shields.io/twitter/url/http/shields.io.svg?style=social&label=Twitter
        :alt: Twitter
        :target: https://twitter.com/fratoo

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/-PyScaffold-005CA0?logo=pyscaffold
    :alt: Project generated with PyScaffold
    :target: https://pyscaffold.org/
.. image:: https://readthedocs.org/projects/fratoo/badge/?version=latest
    :alt: ReadTheDocs
    :target: https://fratoo.readthedocs.io/en/latest/
|

======
fratoo
======


    Compact multi-scale modelling framework wrapped around OSeMOSYS

This repository contains the code and documentation of fratoo.

The documentation is also hosted on `ReadTheDocs <https://fratoo.readthedocs.io/en/latest/>`_.

.. warning::
   fratoo and its documentation are still under heavy development and a more stable version is expected to be published later during 2025.


Acknowledgements
================

The initial development of fratoo was supported by the Engineering and Physical Sciences Research Council, UK, under grant EP/R513143/1.
