docs/index.rst, before:

======
fratoo
======

This is the documentation of **fratoo**.

.. note::

    This is the main page of your project's `Sphinx`_ documentation.
    It is formatted in `reStructuredText`_. Add additional pages
    by creating rst-files in ``docs`` and adding them to the `toctree`_ below.
    Use then `references`_ in order to link them from this page, e.g.
    :ref:`authors` and :ref:`changes`.

    It is also possible to refer to the documentation of other Python packages
    with the `Python domain syntax`_. By default you can reference the
    documentation of `Sphinx`_, `Python`_, `NumPy`_, `SciPy`_, `matplotlib`_,
    `Pandas`_, `Scikit-Learn`_. You can add more by extending the
    ``intersphinx_mapping`` in your Sphinx's ``conf.py``.

    The pretty useful extension `autodoc`_ is activated by default and lets
    you include documentation from docstrings. Docstrings can be written in
    `Google style`_ (recommended!), `NumPy style`_ and `classical style`_.


Contents
========

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   Overview <readme>
   Contributions & Help <contributing>
   License <license>
   Authors <authors>
   Changelog <changelog>
   Module Reference <api/modules>


Indices and tables
==================

* :ref:`genindex`
* :ref:`modindex`
* :ref:`search`

.. _toctree: https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/usage/restructuredtext/directives.html
.. _reStructuredText: https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/usage/restructuredtext/basics.html
.. _references: https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/stable/markup/inline.html
.. _Python domain syntax: https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/usage/restructuredtext/domains.html#the-python-domain
.. _Sphinx: https://www.sphinx-doc.org/
.. _Python: https://docs.python.org/
.. _Numpy: https://numpy.org/doc/stable
.. _SciPy: https://docs.scipy.org/doc/scipy/reference/
.. _matplotlib: https://matplotlib.org/contents.html#
.. _Pandas: https://pandas.pydata.org/pandas-docs/stable
.. _Scikit-Learn: https://scikit-learn.org/stable
.. _autodoc: https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/ext/autodoc.html
.. _Google style: https://google.github.io/styleguide/pyguide.html#38-comments-and-docstrings
.. _NumPy style: https://numpydoc.readthedocs.io/en/latest/format.html
.. _classical style: https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/domains.html#info-field-lists

Commit message:

Updated documentation and added initial fratoo module

docs/index.rst, after:

==================================
Welcome to fratoo's documentation!
==================================

fratoo is an open-source multi-scale modelling framework based on `OSeMOSYS <http://www.osemosys.org/>`_. It facilitates the development and analysis of multi-scale energy system models and pathways.


.. warning::
   fratoo and its documentation are still under heavy development and a more stable version is expected to be published later during 2025.

Contents
========

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1

   Introduction <introduction>
   Installation <installation>
   Building <building>
   Running <running>
   Tutorial <tutorial>
   Contributions & Help <contributing>
   License <license>
   Authors <authors>
   Changelog <changelog>
   Module Reference <api/modules>

Acknowledgements
================

The initial development of fratoo was supported by the Engineering and Physical Sciences Research Council, UK, under grant EP/R513143/1.


Indices and tables
==================

* :ref:`genindex`
* :ref:`modindex`
* :ref:`search`

.. _toctree: https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/usage/restructuredtext/directives.html
.. _reStructuredText: https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/usage/restructuredtext/basics.html
.. _references: https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/stable/markup/inline.html
.. _Python domain syntax: https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/usage/restructuredtext/domains.html#the-python-domain
.. _Sphinx: https://www.sphinx-doc.org/
.. _Python: https://docs.python.org/
.. _Numpy: https://numpy.org/doc/stable
.. _SciPy: https://docs.scipy.org/doc/scipy/reference/
.. _matplotlib: https://matplotlib.org/contents.html#
.. _Pandas: https://pandas.pydata.org/pandas-docs/stable
.. _Scikit-Learn: https://scikit-learn.org/stable
.. _autodoc: https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/ext/autodoc.html
.. _Google style: https://google.github.io/styleguide/pyguide.html#38-comments-and-docstrings
.. _NumPy style: https://numpydoc.readthedocs.io/en/latest/format.html
.. _classical style: https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/domains.html#info-field-lists
